e
e e
camera doesn't want to
work
no is it even on H it's on
it's a great way to start isn't it with
a camera that's not switching on here
let me just try this
again that's on let me plug you
in see if this
works is that working
there nothing
e God damn I need to put like a little
tentacle you sign
up all right let's turn you off
it doesn't want to turn off love that
okay oh what the [__] it's just like
fully not turning
off a
[__] hold on sorry sorry have a few
issues at the moment this is
frustrating take out the brighten of
this
thing all righty camera's back there
oh
God now my [__] cord won wait
reach you
po turn on
let's see if this
works plugged
in there we go oh my God
Christ a
okay mic's back around camera's on holy
okay sorry this these two little
guys mess up there now isn't it fine all
righty so hello and welcome let's make
sure my actual audio is working it is
that's good for now um yeah today is
going to be an interesting one uh we're
just going to go through try and mess
around with some audio visualizers saw
some content from ducky 3D
recently from ducky 3D great YouTuber
makes uh videos about geometry noes now
quite a lot and I wanted to sort of give
some of that stuff A shot so that's a
plan for today uh sorry about those
technical issues at the
start making sure that's all working
soundwise beautiful okay so sounds
working so here's a plan I want to try
and find a song with some stems um
basically in music you know when you
hear a song you he the like put together
piece um but each of the instruments or
tracks or whatever um can be often
exported as stems before they combined
into one piece that's like a horrible
way to explain it but essentially youve
got you know your drums line your Bas
your guitar your vertical and a whole
bunch of other stuff in between and what
you can do is if you can access each of
those individual stems each of those
individual tracks uh you can sort of
create visualizers for each part that
makes up the song
what this essentially uh you if you're
making a visualizer which I'll give a
little example audio visual looks
like if we take a look at
say this that's not a visualizer oh my
God I should have prepared a little bit
more audio
visualizer okay so you see like these
kind of things here we go so you've got
you know your
basic um just the actual sound waves and
it will sort of hopefully hit play I
don't want to hit play on this one sick
uh this one looks like I might have yeah
these kind of things you know you can
have a visualize like this sort of
showing you the the wavelength of the
song you can also have like this where
youve got a few different layers going
on so one of these the Bas one be you on
but you can also do some other fun
things especially in softw like blender
where and if I try and find it here go
audio
visualizer r
wow play later um you can do these kind
of things
or even
better like using particle Sims or using
like a displacement map to sort of do
this here we go to load as you can see a
lot of these are by doy 3D here we go
sort of having the um the Audio Waves
control mesh which is super dup cool so
that's a plan for today or you know
textures or whatever LS of different
options
[Music]
it to try
and I don't know try and maybe follow
one of these tutorials if I can find
something else that's where I want to go
I'm curious how it be today but we'll
see how we go from there now I think I
remember a few years ago um there was
this competition to Like Remix like an
old Lord song and I want to give I want
to see if they got those files Avail I
just like WIP do my monitor which is
later godamn uh so if we can find Lord
song
stems Let's see we can find one of these
there was some sort of competition where
you could like have each of the tracks
you can make your own remix which really
cool here we go what's this here
unavailable sick okay and this one is
I'm low about virus but I'm not touching
that Jesus okay uh remix stack for green
light by Lord that sounds familiar that
sounds very familiar remix contest yes
okay
[Music]
um Lord remix
competition here yeah it was from the
ABA Triple J awesome okay so hopefully
they still got these files available I'm
guessing they don't but it be good if
they did 2017 yeah it was a while ago uh
download the S Triple J on
Earth all right what we're going to have
to do now is we're going to have to try
something we're going to use the uh web
archive and see if we can find here
little way back machine I would like
to pop in a way back machine and go back
to 2017 and see if I can caim one of
these oh okay there's no there's nothing
that's been snagged interesting let's
take this page then and see if I can
snag all copy of this that is a little
bit woring that it cut off in 2021
though not this URL [__] okay that's not
great um let's see if I can try and find
this
separately okay so Lord homemade
Dynamite
stems and then remix
let's see Triple J download see I can
find something like
this scal remix
No I just going to try and find the
actual files themselves which for some
reason are being very
difficult oh what's just happened there
oh
so something's downloading um
that's
huh let's just hope this doesn't give us
a virus eh um in the metime let's maybe
I probably shouldn't download the actual
like f the song itself let's po into
blender and just actually see how this
goes um I've played around a little bit
in the past with this kind of uh like
techniques but if you could actually
test out some stuff of our own um I
think I want to try a lot of different
options I think a cool one that I saw
that ducky made was like using an actual
uh like a not so much like a synth pad
kind of like I guess it was a synth pad
it
was yeah I guess something sort of like
this and using the different stems of a
song to like control you know dials and
knobs and these little sliders um he
also did one way like it control the the
Cs that was using geometry no that's a
whole step maybe we'll try later but I
think for now I want to try and just
control like these little bits that
shouldn't be too bad essentially what
you have to do is when you're in blender
um you grab your whatever object you
want to control you set a k frame on the
first frame uh open up the graph editor
and then if you just go to channel sound
to samples and pick
say any audio track that you've got I'll
just use this one here because it's
quite intense um I don't even know what
that's going but
the cubes fully disappeared here there
you go look at that so you can see it
like starts to react based off the
wavelengths and you can see that one's
quite intense so what I'm going to do is
first we're going to turn off the scale
that so it's just going to move around a
little bit and then another way that you
can actually of dull down this effect is
going into the modif tab turning on the
envelope feature and I might just copy
this and paste it along hope all these
is going go across all them it did
beautiful and then if I can let's just
turn off those let's see if that
envelope do anything not quite okay I
think we want
to drill this down a little bit now and
so hopefully yeah you can see that sort
of oh interesting it hasn't actually
restricted at
all okay with frame range we don't want
to touch influence maybe pulling it down
okay oh okay here's how your adust so
that way you can sort of like slide down
the impact this thing if I turn it off
you see it was sitting there if I turn
on it DS it down a little bit there so
it's still quite intense I'll be honest
um I don't actually know what each of
these little numbers mean so that's
frames curs on minimum range upper
bounds so we can drop that one even
further and you can see here it really
like DS down that actual
effect um cool so that's sort of what I
want to go
now if I just copy that and past it
across hopefully it works a little
better and doesn't just put a [__] it
put on okay damn that's unfortunate all
right let's just go through and kill all
these modifiers and thenly them unless I
can just yeah turn off one two three
awesome and now I should be able to
paste it back ah no but it's just going
to make D again that's fine let's turn
let's turn these back on that's got
nothing that's got nothing we'll paste
one there past one there that one's got
a couple get rid of those and then these
two have each sweet so we can just pop a
envelope on that one and envelope on
this one and hopefully as you can see
it's sort of D down a little so
essentially that's the sort of game plan
um you can see it sort of go going in
all the directions but the reason I
brought this up is say you want to get a
create some sort of like a slider right
I'll just do a little demo uh I should
actually put my timeline in here as well
just so I can sort of jump around
quickly I my timeline um say for a
slider it's basically a little you know
rectangle like this and then scale like
that beautiful so that can be like our
slider and we sort of just want it to go
up and down on the Y AIS right as a
slider would and I'll just put a little
you know little line down there so we
can sort of get a visualization what
it's going to look like oh what's
happened
here hold on something strange is
happening let's just get to and then
scale this inwards
beautiful cool so here's what our slider
would look like and then if we just
applied the same sort of Technique we
just did setting a frame there turning
on these sound samples and then finding
whatever sound we want just go back to
whatever this one is awesome and then if
I just turn off everything except for
object Y location so let's see if that
works switch all those then you'll see
hopefully
um well the cube
seems the cube seems to have disappeared
ah because the scale's gone I see so
turn that scale back to one [__] rescale
it all back down again I was doing this
in scale and not edit mode that's fine
cool so here is our hopefully working
slider so yeah that's pretty much
exactly what I was after there so you
can see the slider sort of works like
that which is a lot better you you can
adjust it there add your envelope later
if you want um just to make it not as
like you
know intense uh Y location I just want
to normalize just that curve perfect so
now we can just pull this
down oh I do want the minimum to be
quite a bit further so if I pull the
minimum down to like
there awesome and the max point I would
like to be like there so let's see what
happens now it's going to jump all over
the scale oh dear okay that's definitely
not we're um let's add a we've got our
control point in there just pull down
quite a bit we soften that curve all the
way down okay so that's just sort of
bouncing around the top there that's
fine if I drop the increase the
max whatever you kind of get the point
you know you can make a slid like this
that's definitely not what it's supposed
to look like but there you go we've got
our little slider and that can be for
the base you can do the same for the
others actually I wonder with this if I
could just if I could use a CU I haven't
actually tried it with like the dialing
knob so maybe we try it with a knob now
as well um so if I just set a k frame
here do the exact same thing over sound
samples and pick a
sound uh we'll go
upo and I want to just use
say I think rotate Z is what I want
let's turn off all our keys obviously
kill the scale ones because it tends to
turn to zero for some reason sweet and I
want to yeah rotate along the X I want
the Z axis oh sweet that's that's
perfect that's exactly what I'm so if I
just had
a if I could inser oh my God why is this
not working blend is Frozen a little bit
that's fine uh I'm going inser this make
a little like temp knob right and then
say extend this little guy
out we'll be able to see that our nod is
sort of turning a bit which is like
super cool I think that's amazing so
this means we can actually like play
of animations uh now one thing that I
will bring up that this one was of
inspired by if I go
tocky
page he's a half M now that's crazy I
remember watching this guy ages ago um
way before G ever invented on blender so
if I yeah you can see some really cool
[__] like this that you can make
actually that's a really good idea maybe
we try something like that um but like
look this is beautiful really beautiful
art created some Goos to get some cool
Lighting in there but the one that I was
interested in initially at first was
this effect here so you've got your syn
pad I wonder if he going to show the
whole thing s here so you got the Sy pad
here right you see what's going on this
here is controlled by GES that's own
thing this here I think was a g setup
but we can probably do that just little
simple wave length and then the cool
thing these dials so if you have a look
I'm going to slow this down to
speed so it doesn't like go around too
much uh if I look here right if it's
event to load you can see that lights
are actually sort of tracking with so I
want to figure out how to
have like that this like Point influence
those lights so I that could be really
cool I'm I'm assuming it's a j feature
that is done similar to to these little
syn pads moving around but I have a
feeling there's a way to do it without
geometry noes and because I'm a very uh
what's the word stubbor person
apparently and I just don't want to
learn GES yet I thought let's give this
a try uh and see what we can do without
too much
mess now let's just think how would I do
this if I wanted to do
without I
guess I can think of a super complex
method I'm not sure if this is going to
work this is how to explain it uh if I
put a
okay if I grabbed a
circle right to act as our like base
where those lights would live and then I
had another one just on top and I cut
out a whole bun of little holes around
there so say I wanted to just cut out
those holes goate a small one do that
there and I just want to grab an array
modifier a circle curve modifier and
then run this array modifier around the
curve so that way I can cut out all
those little holes sweet make it a bit
more of a gap and
bang and I'm just going to bring this
circle in a little
bit sweet so now we've got our little
holes there which we can just drag that
down and Boolean cut
out I go Boolean and cut
this so sweet we should have
our H whatever that's fine I want to go
here select similar by area that's chill
and delete those perfect so you can see
got this little track here and that's
where the light be coming through
now I guess in theory what you could do
is I could grab a
spotlight um or maybe a point light I'm
not sure which yet actually let's just
play around see we can do so I This
Little Light here and if I go into Rend
VI so I got this light and it's sitting
there beautiful
and I just want to bring it up here so
hopefully it
pops okay it doesn't want to pop out
through the holes yet that's okay oh it
really doesn't want to come out the
holes okay what if I just crack up this
the intensity is that going to do
anything at all not really I change it
to a point light though that's what I'm
sweet so you can see here we got that
little Point light there and it's sort
of you know falling off around the
corners which is exactly what want now
if I was to
[Music]
if I set a parent to this
curve and then rotate this light
around it's going to move like so okay
obviously I need to give it like a soft
fall off that whole Jazz but that's fine
for now so we got this little
action then what I would do is I'd set a
key frame on here and do the same as
before where I go sounds to samples and
then folders pick a
song Oh have I done that way too soon
there I think I might have
yeah CU it's starting there we don't
want that let's just kill all those
we'll go back to the starting
frame find our hold on what's just
happened
here what's going
on um I think I've G too many steps
forwards let's just go back a little bit
so we got our light that's rotating
perfect I just went on on the curve set
a key there now we try it again sound
samples grab our
folder and go
to this visualizer sweet and then if I
turn off everything except for my Z
rotation sweet then
hopefully interesting it's not wanting
to move anything now let's turn that
back to one sweet lovely that's exactly
we're after so beautiful I I'll go into
my view here and find my
Spotlight my Spotlight doesn't appear to
want to turn on that's
interesting now why might that be let's
see if I P you up there it just went to
went too low okay sweet so you can kind
of see that's that's sort of the effect
we're going for right um and then if I
lift my little knob
up cool obviously it's not the same bait
but if I make my background white I
should be able to say everything that's
happening
here [__] I might have to actually put
some colors on godamn okay let's just go
orange cool and we'll make our little
knob
here darker orange color whatever redish
maybe cool that's fine so we can see
that's happening I'm going to grab my
light here give it a soft fall
off
beautiful um I might want to just turn
off that bottom plane and then let's
turn off all our other things and aome
you can kind of see that's the general
VI we're going for um today good ide
didn't see mess I'm trying a different
monitor today today trying to play
around making some audio visualizers so
um using this little sound to
samples uh where is it sound samples
tool and having sound kind of affect the
the animation of things because I want
to try and make a couple different cool
visualizers and I saw this one here from
doy he uses a lot of G and stuff for it
but I want to see if I can make it solo
and we just playing around for a second
and we've kind of done I was really
interested in this little effect here
where you've got the sound impacting
this uh this knob was obvious impacting
all of these knobs but the sound
impacting the knob and these lights
coming underne and I was pretty sure
that it was done with G I know this was
geometry this geomet but I've just
figured out I've just managed to do this
here without using geometry it's
essentially just parenting a light to a
curve and then having it
spin um you can see here we've got our
curve which is sitting there our light
is parented to it and the curve is just
rotating with the music
and then I've got these little cutouts
here and you can kind of just
see sort of doy effect that we're after
um let's drop the background down a
little bit so you can see a little
better actually and we'll bring in a
sunlamp perfect so yeah look at that
[__] the Sun lamp's not the right lamp
but
whatever you can kind of see what's
going on there right um let's see you
know what I wrote blender exam after the
[__] wait you know what I wrote
oh
wait wait what do you mean how how did
your exams go it's been a little while
um what do you know what I wrote blender
exam after the G it felt
weird I'm a little bit confused about
that but um how how did those exams
exams hit up exams
go still got a few to go I think you
said it was like two weeks or so now
actually faing out it's been a little
while but uh yeah
let's see I think the goal for today is
just going to play
around um so I want to try and find an
actual visualizer and build there also
download these STS from hoping not a
virus this Lord
music please don't [__] break my
computer Lord homat oh let's go that's
what I want
okay perfect I'm going to grab my
headphones see what we can play here I
found these uh these St you know all the
actual tracks for this song that was
released a while ago today was the last
physics congratulations man let's
[__] go how' it feel how do you
finishing finally
feel got the rest coming up a little
holiday or break we just going to take
some time off
from worry about worry about work and
all that jazz sh I've got a [__] mess
of Tangles just down like my caes here
just all messed up so I'm try and fix
that right
now um let's
see
he out you pop budes
did I oh [__] hold on I just I got turn
on my Wasing machine I thought I turned
it on but I just put [__] liquid in
didn't actually turn it on hold on I'm
untangle this and I'm going to figure
that
out I might actually just have to uh I
have oh you have blender as a subject
now oh that's [__] awesome that's so
good you excited yeah I see you're
already a bit ahead then you know you've
got a [__] mountain of experience
under your Bel that's
huge that would be very cool what kind
of stuff are they teaching there is it
like Basics to blender or like is is
there a specific thing that you're
learning in it or just some more
advanced [__] what's what's the
vi um let's see if I can get this one
around oh my
L why isn't this thing coming out God
this is like when you tangle when you
tangle your headphones in your
pocket this should just oh impossible to
escape okay I'll be back in just a sec
though I have to go fix my Wasing
machine it's just around the corner 20
seconds ah there goes my phone what a
start what a great magical start back in
a sec y
that's going to take two hours which is
an ideal oh s of text here from someone
what's
happening
[Music]
um is the winner what the
[__] no way oh sorry uh to go exam [__]
good luck good luck with that I'll see
you around man um and try and have fun
when you're done with it as well a weird
message just came
through what the [__] is this the text
I've just got it's from a competition I
ented a little while
ago it it feels like a scam is the issue
like this here I'll read this out okay
I'm sure it's not but the message says
Hey yon you've you would have seen we
announced the winner of
our I'm going to check this online
actually CU then we can see this
properly
uh this is wot hold on just a
second I'll be just a second because
this could be [__]
incredible could be a ginormous
win um via a all last
week hold
on
uh
interesting interesting interesting
interesting what I'm going to do is I'm
going to play some of this doy video
here uh just for a second
where's it gone this one here going to
play this in the background for a second
just so I can figure out my and see I
this hold on check this out it's
awesome but it's also not playing isn't
it ah
buddy why is there no sound coming
through that's
peculiar oh you know why cuz my [__]
headphones on plugged in Epic
geometry noes and make a very all oh so
the other day was on Instagram and I
came across this post by Skrillex
promoting one of his songs and as I was
looking at it it occurred to me that
anything in blender can react to music
which means that us as 3D artists have
the ability to make the most interesting
and the coolest music visualizers so
this idea sent me on this journey of
testing out all these ideas and trying
to figure out where I can take this and
in this video I'm going to show you what
I learned so through this journey I
ended up with four projects two of them
that utilize that very classic waveform
idea and the other two utilize aspects
within blender that react to the audio
which gives you so much creative
potential so for the first design I was
inspired by digital music equipment so
so my first idea was building out all
these little pads in Geometry nodes that
you can apply a emission material to
where the W of that noise texture can
animate with all of those lights I also
wanted to make my own custom audio
reactive spectrum and geometry nodes so
with a few nodes I was able to get
something very simple and very usable
then I just exported that animation out
as black and white then I built out
another module to make that display on
the screen for that whole project to tie
it all together now this one
conceptually might be my favorite one
now we all know the classic waveform
animations but what if you were able to
use that as an image texture to control
geometry within blender so of course
you're going to need something that
makes those classic waveforms now on
patreon completely for free I showed a
free add-on that allows you to do that
so if you don't have After Effects you
can still do it in blender and actually
make real waveforms within blender and
for tier 2 and tier three patreon
members I showed step by step how I made
all four of these animations now the
first thing I did was was go into
geometry nodes and make a very simple
grid that that image texture is going to
be able to control then with a little
bit of math setup I was able to get that
video mapped correctly on top of my
geometry now the implementation of this
is very simple but the idea I think is
incredibly powerful because if you can
use this video on top of anything that
can control the geometry you can have so
much fun and have probably hundreds of
ideas here in blender then I set up a
bit of a wireframe system to hold those
objects and have them in from the sky a
second so the message that I got
was hi everyon you would have seen that
we announced the winner of our 5K
suiting experience competition VI email
last week I wanted to reach out to let
you know that as well as having a $1
voucher whichone to your name you've
also been selected to receive a special
upgrade package congratulations this
package includes $8 Val total value you
free to call and run through this this
week now that sounds epic I looked them
up so I couldn't see the details like
the prize winner announced first thing
comes up is this post on
Reddit essentially saying that they got
the exact same this was from three years
ago I've won something worth $800 in
value Thursday is it a do the runner
prizes for everyone essentially so
that's not actually as big of a win as I
thought and it's still a [__] 2K suit
uh
so that won't be happening I mean it's
weird because I'm these guys had like
yeah as it said [__] impeccable
reviews but uh I mean I'm sure it's
great I'm just not in the market for a
$2,000 suit I'll be honest so let's uh
let's jump off that that's note for
later over
here sweet
okay I should respond to that email in a
bit that's all
fine beautiful
choice of con coming is that for
real in [__] November godamn it I
won't be here oh well missing two major
concerts that's unfortunate well let's
get back to this now I want to find out
if we can make something cool from here
so
let's drop that and let's drop that and
let's now actually try and build this
thing so I want to find what it is I
want to actually make so I think it's
called a like a
mixing table no mixing deck
maybe it's like this kind of thing right
that's a DJ one not exactly we're after
um recording
deck kind of like
this I mean this actually would be very
cool to build oh why don't we do this I
could do something like this where we've
got a dial a couple different pads here
um we could have a cassette plate that's
play tape moving that could be
interesting modern
mixing table
music [__] that's essentially what we're
after here one of these audio mixes oh
let's just do that audio mix mixer and
we'll build like a small version of this
oh this this is what I want to make
pretty much exactly this thing but just
making it
pretty wait let's do that so I'm going
to save this image bring it in I'm also
just going to test out
our over here which doesn't want to load
up oh cuz my IM is why doesn't it want
to actually come in I thought maybe
because I had the overl off see that's
strange try once more
[__] it uh import images as
planes
Christ folders bang sweet there's that
it's in
perfect sweet okay sweet so now I can
build that little deck down to the side
uh how do I want to build this is a
question let's think so I want to add in
some dials as well CU I think they're
pretty cool and important um like some
proper
dials okay you know what I've actually
got a lot of options
here so let's do a little uh let's do a
little brainstorming bring up a notepad
no I'm going to bring up a Photoshop
file and we're going to sort of draw out
what we want to build here so I actually
don't want my notes um I'm thinking just
in short we'll have bunch of these
little sliders I want to have here uh
when you're in like an editing software
you can kind see the levels like being
represented with lights which is really
cool so I want to have that going up I
want to have a little wavelength
situation going on here and I want to
have some spinny dials here that can be
moved and I want to have a big dial like
this as well um and then we'll have some
cables and [__] that are being plugged
in maybe run off to the side somewhere
let's just let's just draw out we want
to get what all those down
there anyway so we'll bring up bring up
a big big pixel grid here and by using a
paint brush ah
which we BR bring down all the way let's
give it sweet give it a bit of hardness
and make it a better moreable color to
read like just [__] black awesome so
I'm going to build
my oh it's bloody super opaque that's
why I'm going to build my basic setup
here here's what our deck is going to
look like and then I'm going to want to
put in some of these little sliders down
the bottom so let's just use some tools
here so we slider slider oh why are they
coming in with that Phil all right so
let's bring in our sliders which we'll
just have with a
simple plain
color awesome that's exactly what we're
after and we'll just do that across a
couple of times one two three four say
and then I'll do the same thing but with
a whatever like a orange and this is
just so I can
sorry let me build a new one oh my God
okay screw it so let's put that there
and I'll make this one here orange I'll
have a couple of these come across
sweet Okay so we've got our little
sliders down there I want to put in off
to the side here another little thing
which we will fill with a
stroke
cool and so in here we're going to have
a spherical dial I
Reon
awesome that can sit like that let chill
our sperical dial and then I want to put
a bunch of these little Min circles up
here as well so we go like blood grab
that and spam a couple
up lovely so we go
one 2 3 4 and we'll just do the same
across a couple of times so we go 1 2 3
beautiful oh
sorry why isn't en meing paste them and
copy
them there we go sweet oh my goodness
that was so much more effort than it had
to be just let me
select oh okay so they are actually a
big group that's cool so I can just
delete those and then just copy those
across beautiful so that's fine and for
the one down here I actually do want to
fill it with a sort of color in the
middle so we give it one of them
beautiful all right so we got our dial
we got these little dials up there too I
want to have
a like wavelength form here so
wavelength thing can go there
and I'll just draw a little squiggle for
it if it will let me so we'll draw a
little
squiggle there's our wavelength
beautiful and then what else do I want
to have ah yes the
actual like the sound levels going up so
I'll bring one of these here which I
will fill with white and have a stroker
on the
outside awesome
why are you not letting oh I hate
Photoshop I'm starting to realize like I
know it's just because I don't know what
I'm doing like Christ this is
frustrating come on like let
me I feel like a I I feel like it's
[__] child doing this right now so
these going to be our two like audio
things s of lines are going to go up so
I'll put some little dots on there
whatever sweet
brush bang
[Music]
bang bang bang
awesome 1 2 3 4 5 6 1 2 3 4 5 6 perfect
so we've got those little lights there
and then up the top we're just going to
have our like input deck sweet so I
think that's sort of plan that I want to
build um which actually work pretty fine
and maybe we add in like that's our
general dial there and I'm going to have
something little dots around the outside
here
too something like that see sweet and
then sort of have that
uh that little dial there
beautiful so we're going to have our
little dial it's going to spin back and
forth these ones going to go up and down
we're going to have these little guys
spinning around too and then I think
that should hopefully be it
right oh some buttons I want some
buttons absolutely I want some
buttons little square buttons is exactly
what I want
perfect oh my
God I actually feel so [__]
incompetent doing this right now this is
crazy so wait we'll grab a little square
buttons you're going to let me copy you
across
thank come on
come on here we
go you know what let's just select both
and let's D them both
down okay we're there holy [__] on a
stick okay so that's what we're going to
build this is what we're building here
let's just grab our Snipping Tool bring
it across
now yikes this is fun isn't it oh my oh
May oh my no I'm not saving you sorry
thank you uh I will save this image
though godamn and I want to put it into
my I think I got a new folder here under
T it's not I go
modified I delet the folder that's what
I've done so I'm going to call this one
here audio
visualizer audio
visualizers and we will pop it here
called audio visualizer
one
sketch what's up brother sorry um all
right let's go so I'm going to bring
this off to the side we'll bring this
new guy in if I can find it stream
assets a for audio visualizes and bring
in our sketch here sweet that's exactly
what I want to do now here's the
important bit it's starting to get our
actual scale right so first things first
is I want this to be like a 30 cm 30
situation so we're going to drop this
down all the
way and we're just going to come in nice
and close to we're going to bring down
our reference image soet that's perfect
now I want to build off the general size
of this this thing size and shape so
let's put in a loop cut here if we saw
in our original reference image here too
there's a bit of like a lift there so I
would like to do the same sort of thing
where let's see how it works on this
one so here it looks like it just
goes It goes back and then up so there's
another loop cut here and then so this
one's up and it sort of sits like this
right that's actually sort of cool
that's that's actually really cool I
love that I really like that so we're
going to drop these guys down uh make a
little bit smaller perfect and I will be
Bing those but that's going to come
later so and like by Bing I I want have
all of these actually nicely you know
smooth but that's not necessary for now
so we're going to keep it
now's build little
details first I would like
little cut out bits for the actual slid
so I think to do so I would like to use
a cylinder now why a cylinder uh I think
it's just going to be the easiest shape
to cut out that like fully spherical
shot I'm wrong that's definitely not
going to work I would like to use a
sphere I think instead so let's just
make it have a lot of because we're not
too much about optimization with this if
anything actually want maybe more
geometry so we can play around with I
don't know actually maybe I don't want
more geometry it's fine it's whatever
this is fine this is sweet totally fine
okay beautiful so I'm now going to grab
the first half of the
vertices no I'm going to rotate this by
90 and then I'm going to grab the first
half of the vertices I'm just going to
stretch them
out like like so and then rotate it sort
of like a pill shape at the moment isn't
it and I would like to just put it here
so if we line it up nicely we've got our
first little divot which is going to sit
right into there nice and
tidy and I will also just do the same
and drag them
downwards in space so now I think all
I've to do is ARR across four times is
that how many I
want sweet so we'll
go arraying it this way here give him a
bit of space between
2.22 and then array that a couple
times 1 2 3 4 love that and now we
should just be able to bullan cut into
our
object now yes bullion aren't always the
best for geometry but that's sort of
fine in this situation because there
we've got our little kns perfect now
next thing I want to do obviously texing
be a b part of this but I just want to
try and get the general stpes out here
first so
that looks really interes from the top
Downes it look it's coming out illusion
I'd like to build these little little
knobs themselves so we're going to bring
in another
Cube drag it down to here make it nice
and small to start with and I think what
I want to do is I want to have it with a
mirror modifier so if I just kill those
vertices there and turn on a little
mirror modifier just on the Z
axis not on the X I
[Music]
can huh sorry on the y axis I guess
interesting and let's turn on clip
sweet beautiful that's exactly what I'm
here so now we can just fck I should
have brought this as a
plane so I'm sort of struggling to see
what that's supposed to look like that's
okay let's uh drag her
up and Pull It in a little [__] let's
just do this so I can actually sa the
xray
through uh I should be able to sa the
xray these ah it's in the wrong view
that's fine whatever uh I would like to
put another cut into there and then
bring this one down
smge and then I can just sort of I don't
know squeeze this middle section a bit
right yeah okay sort of like that and
then I want to do the same at the end
here where I grab these two pull them
down and go in like so and then I should
hopefully just be able to Bevel no maybe
not okay oh what if I sub this actually
I go sub
surface that sort of does what I'm
after we've got our little knob um I
might want to get some more geometry on
the end
here beautiful and then sort of bring
that in a little bit oh maybe not
actually cuz that's sort of cool sort of
funky what I do want though is to have
it have like a nice like finger feel on
the top here so if I just bring these
guys this one down quite a lot there
sweet lovely and then bring this one
down quite a
bit and then I'll bring another loop
hold on I'll bring a loop cut into here
and I think C is it C that changes the
invert what is
it a okay so it sort of doesn't work
with
this that's
fine there we go there's our sort of
there's our little indent perfect not
really perfect but you know it'll do the
trick and we'll drag these boys in sweet
and now we got a
little now got a little nub
and I think I'll just go into edit mode
once more grab these vertices pull them
up not quite let's see so let's just
smooth this little boy
out lovely okay so now that's sort of
going to be the shape of one of ours I
think I'm just going to stretch it out
and we'll set that perfect I don't want
to apply subis modifier though and let's
pull it all the way down here and it can
act as
our that should be fine should act as
our little slider so let's pop you right
there somewhere eventually hold on bring
it up and pop you there perfect so it's
stretch it out a bit more awesome and
then that if it slides up and down is
going to act as a very nice little
slide beautiful and I should also add I
might add a little limit location
constraint on
here um reason being I to the Y
AIS hold on for local space please thank
you where'd you go sorry budy where
where' we
go can't move it up and down at all now
okay so now I should be able to yeah I
can move it up I can't move
it down what's happening
here okay I see what's happen I going
make this very very
small why is this what's going on that's
um interesting let's bring this down a
bit
so drag down in y it doesn't want to
move at all in y now I'm also going to
lock my transations on these so they
can't
move so lock those so it should only be
able to move up and down in space for
some
reason World space it's strange it's not
it's not letting me move it at all oh I
saw that for a second actually like oh
there you
go oh so I'm going to set this little
guy to zero beautiful okay that makes
sense not really but whatever so now I
can move it up and
down and 0.1 is still too far that's
wild okay let's go even smaller 0.05
so now
hopefully all right don't don't move for
me then that's
fine where have you
gone there we go that's exactly we're
after
perfect maybe like a smidge less 45 or
something there we go look at
that that is exactly what I want um
minus the fact that it's like way off
course from where it's supposed to live
that's
okay so let's send all the way up
there
and about to say perfect not yet and
perfect I hope let's see sweet and now I
can only move it up and down this much
that's exactly what we're after right
now I'm going to duplicate it and I'm to
move it across the xaxis for this one so
let's just unlock for a second
perfect J move and
move
sweet look at that so now we've got our
little hold on I'll make sure we've
locked the axes for these guys so now we
got our little sliders oh that's so
happy and I can hopefully animate those
later too so we've got our sliders first
perfect next step is to create this
little spin wheel there so I think first
things first is we're going to start
with a cube once more
snap it to our little section over here
bring it all the way down this scale
situation is wild isn't
it we'll just scale you nicely down I
know this isn't correct but it's okay
for us for now let's then line her up
pretty nicely there awesome and I've got
it so it's a bit of like extruding J
here right and I think what I want to do
is just play around with these angles of
touch sweet and maybe go raor platform
there and drop the platform in again so
got this little like oh I don't like it
when it happens the second time I think
the first time is
funny wait so we' got a little platform
here that does the job if I insert it
once more and then go
down it just feel a little tacky you
know if I do the raise up you know the
raise Up's kind of sick all right
beautiful so we got that and we're just
going to grab a cylinder and do the same
thing make sure we've actually got a lot
of nice little bit of in there that
scale our guy down to sort of sit in
line with that perfect and then here's a
fun bit is figuring out what kind of a
dial we want so we' got a few different
options first option is obviously just a
simple little dial B spins around cool
potentially kind of boring second option
I guess is just AE of what dock made so
if I go to here I'll need to grab two
points that are exactly across like
smack bang on the
center so let's grab one let's just grab
this lot here
so I'll go select those
edges move them up and I just want to
bridge these
faces so I go Bridge Edge Loops perfect
that's exactly what we're after turn off
our
xray uh and I'll just make sure that
I've set these and fill them oh
yikes sorry fill them like
this perfect and we'll do on the side
here too fill there so that's other
options we can have a DI like this I
kind of think really sick I know it
isn't exact of what duck
made but I do kind of like it like a lot
I think what I'll do is I'll create two
of these I'll copy this one and if I
just go back in time a little
bit and then past the second one so now
I've got two options so I'm lift this
guy up and then I will pull these two
vertices out and just sort of scale them
inwards a little bit so we've got our
second one
perfect so we got two options and this
can now rotate all around sort of
nicely I might need to scale it a smidge
more but like that sort of works so
let's lift up a bit and perfect and I'm
going have to make a little cut out here
too for our lighting situation so to do
that I'm going to need to grab this
little piece I'm going to
delete oh dear okay I probably should
have done this
beforehand I might use this one instead
duplicate that bring it down I'm going
to delete all of these vertices so I
just got this bottom one I'm going to
convert match to curve so I've got a
curve object now perfect and I want that
just to sit just outside of
our pretty little thing here of our
little dial perfect and
then I'm going to grab my cylinder snap
it over to here no not yet sorry hold on
I'm going go array curve and Bia Circle
ah not
quiet sorry
array
curve is that seriously the best ccle
no that's not it Sur there is there
another a
little where' my other curve
go that's that's just the wrong one
sorry what on Earth have I done here
so this here should be a curve no not
yet okay so convert that to a
curve now it's a curve sweet it's called
cylinder ah of course okay so now if I
bring in a cylinder scale it all the way
down aray modifier
it y make it even smaller then bring in
our curve and set it to
that beautiful look at that that's so
much not quite yet but it will be so
much nicer
okay how do we do this nicely
now this is
um acting up in a wild way I just want
to have that happen right so if iform it
along the Z axis it goes weird
I sorry Y axis is weird x axis is weird
why are you so strange if I scale it
down here it to any
better oh I know I said strange that
looks kind of cool
too so let's just scale them all the way
down
perfect and I think that
should we just bring it out a little
bit and then make sure we've got these
scales set
properly it's not looking great but it
should do the job
make it even smaller oh my God how tiny
we're making
this that kind of works let's send it
all the way around let's send you all
the way around the
circle thank
you
okay I might need to make this spacing a
little bit larger
actually 2.5 I think I'm happy with and
then we just drop the counter
smge beautiful and we'll drop that
countless sweet so now we've got our
little aray modifier
here whatever that's fine let's set
those I want to
go by individual Origins and scale them
down perfect and then I can scale them
in as well set orig to center of mass
volume sweet you look at that that's
what we're after and now we can make a
little bulling cut inside
here my that was so much more difficult
than it had to be so I'm going to Bo in
and cut out of this
cylinder now our holes let's go okay
finally now the challenge is I'm going
to make another
dear Let's uh select all of
this bring you nice and
down like these ones and bring it up a
little bit and then I should be able to
sort of set a light inside of this Gap
here is what I'm thinking so let's do a
little test if I bring our Point light
just over to here snap to
cursor sweet I'm
hoping is that the only light in the
scene it's not the only light in the
scene let's turn off this
Spotlight and the
Sun we'll hide this this is going to be
secondary
dial and my my that light is Bright Now
isn't it Jesus it's only that's only at
10 watt too [__] okay sorry that's kind
of
crazy uh I need to scale you way way
down
0.05
0.5
beautiful and that can now sort of sit
hopefully on there it's still just like
flowing out a bit which isit of an issue
if I put in a sun it's not going to work
a
spotlight I don't think a spotlight
going to work either I'll be honest if I
flip that
upwards it doesn't work does it no
because the fall off and then are light
will do oh no an are light actually
sweet that's
good uh I'm just going to have to scale
you way way
down I thought I would maybe I don't
where's the square
here okay and then
hopefully hopefully this works 0.5
0.05 why what's What's blocking it oh is
it is anything on top of it no nothing's
on top okay sorry so what's the problem
here there's like a weird amount of fall
off that's happening we go into Cycles
is it going to work any better
no works way worse then Brooks stream
strange definitely oh but C so good with
this holy yo you say that like outline
effect that's [__] sick wow I love
that that's so cool but unfortunately
Cycles will to go because look at that
shadow that appears there that's so like
har and beautiful add some Goos in there
it'll be perfect okay so we're going to
have to figure out now to
do bring this L this sun out of the
way is that why is it
um
no sorry there's a computer starting to
[__] I'll kill
this why are you so
strong it's the same like level 50 or
something so that's not a problem the
problem is under here I need to figure
out how to set that lighting up again
now I
could use a plane maybe if I get a plane
put an emission texture on
it hold on where' my plane
go sweet so we'll bring this plane all
the way down and then I want this one to
like shine light out of it let's see so
I go
emission set like 10 perfect and then
just drop you just below the surface
then I'm hoping yes wait there we go
beautiful then I'm hoping this can move
along and light up that
stuff make it a little bit
bigger and I just wanted to like sit
around that curve there so if I go
parent to my curve
here
hopefully yeah nice it will just rotate
around that that's awesome sweet and
then I just need to make a a little bit
bigger
there beautiful that should do the trick
I
think I
hope and then when we rotate that around
oh isn't that beautiful that's so cool
just showed up good Luke what am I
cooking up to uh oh sorry I didn't see
that message through we are making
little audio visualiz the plan is to
create like a a board like this and then
use the here the sound samples tool and
essentially have that
control uh different parts of this
animation so that say like I have the
Bas like say the Bas is controlling what
this slider does have vocals controlling
this one just we can make some cool
funky audio visualizers in blender so
we're going to see if that actually
works um I've got this here which is
nice I'm to save it uh audio
visualizer
[Music]
version1 BL
all righty so this is what we're
building at the moment that sort of
works
fine so I've got this side here I've got
these sliders here happy with them I
need to create these little dots there
now too oh my God that computer just
burning up um yeah so I need to create
these dots next so I think the easiest
way to do that is just same thing little
cylinder now I'm pretty sure they have
little groes in too so I could use a
screw modifier potentially um but we'll
see if I go back screw modifier what is
that going to do to me
yeah that's what I'm went after like
this little rib
effect increase the SC see that's raise
it up it's not exact
after
oh I mean that sort of works but I could
also just get the same effect by just
creating like grabbing every second face
so go here and go int sorry check
select no okay maybe this check a
deselect yes wait and then just like
scaling in with the medium point Sorry
perfect I mean not perfect that looks
like [__] but you know what I
mean proportioning on why is the
proportion letter so
large
beautiful kind of not really uh yeah so
here's our little our little dial for
the knob there I'm happy with that so
this is the start of our visualizer
not the start this is like the little
knobs be turning up
here cool and that can have a little
glossy texture to interesting okay so
I'm going to pop these guys down and I
just want a whole bunch of them now so I
think I'm just going to set one up here
I'm just going to sort of array a whole
bunch of them down so if I go here and
then set of
zero
one perfect set it for two maybe and
then bring them down maybe 1.2
.5
awesome so here is our first di knobs
which I'm going to pop right there and
I'm going to grab another R modifier and
S it
over beautiful maybe I should change the
title so it actually says here uh
creating an audio visualizer in
blender audio visual light
in
blender sounds to animation sounds
powering
sounds perfect Okay so we've got this
here now lovely and then I can send one
more of these across
beautiful
2.25 sort of works too okay awesome and
if I just send that across there and set
one more up perfect I've got my little
line of knobs here that I want to turn
so we' got a whole bunch there which is
awesome and if I hit save once more go
into my render view this is look
beautiful I [__] hope uh so if we
look our little demo here we've got
buttons slider knobs I might need to
make another slider knob across but I
don't really want to yet so leave that
for now maybe here well instead of
putting these little sound bits going up
and down I'll put them here uh come oh
good a man how you going [__] long time
no
see um how's your I think I checked in I
tried to check your streaming a little
while ago how's how's it been [__]
long long time I saw I think Andrew
jumped in how do you find this that's
crazy um yeah just trying to do a little
bit of a [__] while thees dead as a door
now um anyone who's oh I mean one viewer
but if you're watching this in a in a V
for some reason um this is me I went to
went to University together I'm going to
it off screen but yeah epic twitch
streamer super cool fun Vibes um let's
[__] go hope you're doing
well just very sleepy from from last
night so I just wanted to jump on and do
a little bit of uh messing around making
some some music [__] you know have a bit
of fun with it uh yeah howdy howdy
seen day I
set yeah I'm uh I I fully get that i'
I've been streaming in the daytime
because of the lack of anim work right
now but uh I'm moving to the UK in late
August so the streams will be more
nighttime based I had like a couple
night time it was pretty cool but thank
you so much thank you man um yeah I'm to
start getting some night time on I see
you say as well yeah like sort of watch
hour wise it seems like night times are
the way to go not not a crazy amount of
people are um watching during the day
times but that's all
right got some consistency currently
between gigs and the Jo 3D printing I I
wish I I made when I when I was like at
Uni I was like on the edge of buying a
printer and ended up deciding against it
and like now it's hard to me to justify
but I [__] wish I did like then it's
so much fun what do you make what are
you prining at the moment anything
anything special any helmets or [__] or
just knickknacks and gadgets and
stuff let's continue writing this little
guy
across um apply that and array
down
cool T going to be some of a button
here don't even know if this will do
anything sort
of save
there that's all right actually and if I
said another array modifier two not
quite that
far it's not looking great there damn uh
all right I'm s this across and pop one
more
on all righty that sort of works we got
our buttons sitting nicely there I don't
know if they'll actually do anything but
they can sit there for now in the
meantime and I'm just going to create my
little audio section where it goes up
and down here cool let's bring this one
down
and think I'll do a little bullying C
here let's
see it's an interesting time at the
moment I'm I should actually message my
uncle I'm supposed to be staying at his
place
um but figure out my dates and figure
out where I'm going I was originally
planning actually moving
to because I'm going to the UK I was
going to like stay in the UK for like a
week and then go go to Spain for a
couple weeks just for like a little
summertime holiday but I don't know
about you but I've been seeing a whole
bunch of uh like anti- tourist things in
Spain uh recently which is looking a
little bit
scary uh yeah especially in Barcelona I
saw this like flight from London to
Spain return for 80 80 bucks and I was
like that's incredible
Avil it was like early September
here if it want to [__] load but uh
yeah as soon as I like saw that flight I
de started getting like a whole bunch of
T like don't go don't go yeah 82 bucks
return flight to London is incredible um
but it's because of this people are
getting like attacked in barela like a
little bit scary I'm not sure if it is
just like you know I mean it's [__]
by Sky so it could be a little bit of
[__] but there been a lot of content
about it so it's a bit spooky doy you
know uh let's see you can get cheap on J
the
moment the house oh love that us tinker
and
making are you are you traveling at the
moment or you
sitting and yeah that's I maybe I think
when I go over I might when I actually
like save up a bit of cash I'll buy some
more fun stuff but i' going to start to
sell my [__] here unfortunately won't
bringing a lot of stuff over so have
started unfortunately putting stuff on
Marketplace it's SP yeah I'm sure it'll
be fine
like I don't know maybe it's ignorant
but I can't imagine that you know the
countries rely on tourism they're I'm
going to be trying to kick out every
single person
right maybe it's inent but I'm not
sure I don't know I guess I'll have to
wait and see to be fair it's an
I just come back as well if it sucks
it's not the worst thing in the world
you know um let's just insert this
little guy and set it up relocated to
brzy just over a year ago to Japan SE be
F oh that's so i' had Japan on a wish
list for so long um I think it's now
going to have to happen when I come back
but God it's I know a lot of people have
you been before to Japan um it's yeah
incredible incredible wish i' gone
sooner um
and to one day head
over br's nice I think Sean was up in
bris
for I don't know he was working for I
think he Wasing like a company out I'm
not sure I think he
fly i w get into fly let's not do any uh
negativity on
stream yeah no I won't elaborate
actually um yeah he was his back yeah
yeah yeah no
uh that's yeah I'm very very happy for
him interesting
place leave it there dramas you know uh
it's fine let's I'm going to continue
this little thing in the mean time where
about in Japan are you heading off doing
the Tokyo or trying other what's the
what's the vi feeling like for
you let's send this
down cool
awesome I'll drop this one down make a
look less
cool set that in there I'm actually
making a video about Japan and the anime
industry coming out soon so that should
be a fun little thing there's a whole
lot of hopefully cool things coming in
that industry um to support the artists
which would be
great uh let's send this
across let's SC you down beautiful
um you been it's okay I've been my
last yeah yeah
um lovely people lovely
people the
end yeah I'm going to I'm going to
change topics
swiftly um no it was fun I did really
fun I'm very grateful time that I had
that
the ending was just like a little bit of
a bad taste in my mouth I'll be honest
can't them all though you know um going
around the main tourist traps in some of
the small places Bas recomendations very
fun yeah the um I know I know everyone
says but [__] the trains are just insane
there I'm yeah I'm hoping that'll be a
cool thing in London as well it's a
whole train Network being like actually
you know usable and fast but a whole
level in Japan oh my God why isn't this
thing working select all by tra area
that's
strange similar
by normals no
whatever all right let's just go back
coule steps here then and I'll just s
these and bring them down cool thats
just as well
so why was I bu why was I making this
to put light through them okay but why
is this not working now I I need to cut
there further but I can't
so
strange why won't this
work let's go back a few
steps okay so I've got my shape here
that's what I that's fine uh I'm going
to actually make it a little bit
smaller by individual Origins perfect
excuse me uh yeah London is very much
yeah my Tik tok's not being very
supportive of that situation people to
make every yeah I I'm Keen to just take
it slow and you know enjoy life in a new
country but I will say one of one of the
most common things that people have said
to me I know it's a joke um but uh every
time we speak about it one of my best
friends says is reminding me that as
soon as I get off the plane I'm going to
get stabbed so that'll be a really fun
thing to look forward
is you know in the UK anding straight
away which be great but no it'll be
exting it's just the you know I've been
trying to find a lot of the thing of
like auss living in the UK on Tik Tok
and YouTube and stuff and for some
reason the algorithms just sent me on
the opposite part of that people saying
don't come here sucks and yaa yaa yaa uh
which is a great thing to see when your
Visa has just literally come through
it's fine I've wanted to move for years
so it'll be exting I'm not about all
that but it's kind of funny regardless
you
know it'll be
fine you planning on moving uh countries
anytime soon or or setting settling into
Australia for a while let's sit that
nicely there and see if this one will
exe this
time God the scene's getting real slow
though let's hide
that okay
so I think I can now hopefully grab
these perimeters and fill it bring it
down a little bit so I now select
similar by
[Music]
perimeter select similar amount of faces
around Edge perfect okay and then I'll
grab I don't need to grab that one bring
them
down
and Bill
it save
there I don't know what the [__] I'm
trying to do right now I'm like feeling
like hella confused okay like I've just
gone full brain power mode that's
fine all I want is a plane like
this which is unparented
cool and then having it sort of move up
and down here
okay that's still going to work sweet
that's
good cool that's
fine uh yeah no that's not a problem I
don't know why that was such a a mind
[__] for a
second separate and move that up and
I'll give it the same material as this
one link materials perfect happy to St
no plans soon Fair no it's very fair
yeah it's uh yeah feel like I'm just
ready for ready for a different bit of
difference in life you know TR somewhere
new never moved outside of syney so I
thought you know instead of going to
Melbourne or per or somewhere you know
close by why not just do you know the
thing that every 25y old decides to do
and just run away to to the
UK it'll be fun uh
okay this can be called actually I don't
really need a rename it yet let's just D
them across cool and I can just put oh I
only to actually animate the up and down
videos these two a time that's fine
sweet so I can move these
perfect and they can just go up and down
here
nice oh also context with this as well
uh I've got a a friend who's making uh
who's a musician and I thought I'd just
give my uh well I said I'd be happy to
help with some visualizers and stuff but
I thought you know what I just wonder
like what I can actually make in this
space so I wanted to give this a shot
and it looks to be sort of kind of fun
at the moment I'll be honest like we're
in render view again it's going to look
a little bit janky but and it's looking
kind of sick I kind of write it Shadows
going to be really har and like
hopefully cool uh I gu we're almost done
here as well with the actual animation
of it I can delete this also this is
this is what look like um you know slid
is moving like
that the light's not really working
there but that's fine
yeah it's exciting where my reference
image have I deleted
it deleted my reference image [__] let's
bring it back
in oh no I haven't it's because I've on
I've turned off overlay mode sweet okay
so all I need next is my like little
visualizer tab to sit here which
actually will just go right in there and
that'll be turned on
later so that's actually fine I'll pump
that in a little bit beautiful so we'll
have our like wavelength there um
honestly easy I'm getting old no you're
not I I've thought it's it's a like I've
thought as well even if I like overse
[__] for a year it's like one year in
the you know how however long we live is
is nothing you know it doesn't it
doesn't really matter it'll be fine like
I I I sometimes get a little bit you
know you get your impost syndromes and
all that [__] but right now I'm just of
the mindset of you know [__] it you know
Co has already [__] up enough of Our
Lives let's just have a little break
have a little bit of fun and see what
happens you
know [__]
it just trying to be a bit more relaxed
and less uh less stressed about
everything in life you
know feel like I had won too many panic
attacks where I don't need that [__]
anymore that's why I'm just trying to
not worry too much about London as well
I've got a place to stay flights are
hopefully going to be
actually let's check flights right now I
think they were sitting at like6 700
um let's see what they looking sting out
to
London uh sending to London I don't want
return I want one
way let's see this will give me more of
a oh my God not [__] that let's see
if I can actually see when I want to
leave now Sydney to London uh can I
change my dates please oh my God why are
you so unfriendly
Google this is being ridiculous okay
let's see I'm getting a little
distracted that's
fine one way departure let's have a look
yeah I'd much rather get one of these
flights for
66700 then one of these flights for a k
but I want to leave
ith September doesn't get
cheaper this this would be prime if I
can leave like August 20th I'd want that
and the best sort of airlines that I
found are these like Air China ones
because they've
got more leg room I think it's like 31
30 in on like Emirates but the benefit
of these is they come with two check
bags I know it says one free carry here
but uh on their websites it shows you
can get this is a way way there's
definitely
notation avoid School holiday and choose
Tuesday Wednesday yeah that's what I
thought like you know that's Tuesday
post school holidays it should be fine
but
strange even this actually isn't a bad
price to be fair you know 880 not
terrible um I'd like to get a bit lower
but if we go details I think You'
get 2 23 Kil bags which is
crazy here baggage yeah two pieces up to
23 Kos each that's [__] incredible so
I can bring almost 50 kilos worth of
stuff and like for a like that's that s
of makes it amazing like if I'm
relocating I don't have to send anything
over hopefully I can try and bring I'm
going to buy a lot of clothes in London
my outfit here just need I mean look I'm
wearing [__] gy clth right now this
is not going to get taken um but yeah no
it'll be fun two bags is in like for
that price as well like two bags [__]
insane and I'm not complaining I'm
hoping that doesn't include car I can't
imagine that I'm pretty sure check but I
should check that before before booking
but you know it's pretty sick pretty
unique uh I might have to turn on
shadows as well see what's happening
here lights know okay whatever let's
just build
our little plugs now so I'll send one
there one over there actually I got to
build this guy first
so wait no I don't okay screw no let's
do this properly buan cut this oh my God
it's like freezing anytime I want to
make a cut let's join
them cut it
in okay
perfect Smooth by angle and then now we
can sort of fill this slot in a little
bit why is it acting up so much
don't don't do
that like a weird face situation going
on there whatever uh and then let's grab
these faces cool and scale them
in lovely not really but
whatever it might give like an
interesting Shadow there cool I'll do
one I should have done on both sides
godamn it
what what the [__] is happening here can
I grab the top faces No oh my geometry
is absolutely clapped right now look
it's a good thing this isn't getting
sent to anybody because uh I mean I'm
streaming it live but Christ this is
like some of the worst geometry I've
ever
seen whatever move that in move that
down and move it out
perfect oh my goodness okay we're there
we're fine so we're trying to make this
sort of hole in there I guess a Cable's
going to go in there though be actually
matter too much it looks like but it's
fine it's chill
whatever um cool so there's two little
plugs I'll grab a few more of like these
little left and right ear plugs that's
definitely not the name for them you
know I mean like audio drafts sweet uh
so let's line them up here I'll make
them nice and small and go
array Co 2 3 and S them over to here and
I'll Ray them down once don't need to R
them down at
all cool let's apply that and then S one
down apply
that cool so we' got our two little
setups there I shouldn't have app app
them yet [__] so I actually adjust this
a little bit more uh let's just inser
the top there
and once
more
awesome I'm not going I'm not going to
apply them yet actually just so I can
edit them later if I
need let's
see um see Contex is important it's not
going to be a render farm and going into
a crazy SC exactly yeah this is
literally just [__] Instagram post to
be fair like proof of context concept
but you know it's good you know good to
practice practice but I'm a layout
artist not a model so who at the end of
the day you know that's a bad attitude
but whatever it does mean when I make my
tutorials I a [__] sign post that do
not follow my modeling techniques I
don't know what the [__] I'm doing fine
uh let's try it with a circle now I
think I can actually bring this one all
the way down to six sides perfect that's
exactly going to make one of those
little hexagonal Jacks now
weird sound there at the door oh
well uh cool so I'll extrude that up and
dup it and rotate a little bit and do
the same
again cool and then we can just add
another little audio jack inside of
that perfect snap it to the
center and scale your nice and
down oh I have been B in quite a bit
more recently um cuz lack of Animation
working have not obviously working
nights and I've not done the smart thing
of sleeping same yeah disclaimer this
Tut it literally all my my video I've
been editing one I said four times to
cut out please do not copy these These
are modeling
practices um yeah no but I've I've I've
been destroying my sleep schedule
recently because you know I'm living
with roommate to have proper 9 to5 jobs
and I'm waking up at the same time as
that but going to bed like super late
cuz the the bar shift it is not not a
clever thing right now but whatever we
live and we learn you
know I'm allowed to [__] around with my
sleep for now not really actually it's
starting to get a bit sickening but
whatever it's cool it's fine uh what
else do I need to add into here maybe
just some buttons I'll grab some of
these guys CU I'm sort of almost sick of
modeling at this point so I want to
start just text not even texturing I
want to start actually playing around
with my stuff uh let's delete those and
put some buttons
there cool and I think I might just end
it with
a little like PL
here let's just go add scale it down
and
perfect this can end off our
little visualizer sweet so this is what
I'm looking at here if I go into this
View and turn on cavity and shadows I
don't need Shadows do I oh whatever one
so that's of what it's to look like I'm
kind of happy with that so out of
everything that I've got that can be
animated let's a look I've got these
little sliders here that put these
location lockers on so they can't move
further up I've got this uh dial here
which can be spun all of these are going
to be individual dials too but they're
going to be textured first I won't mess
around with that these I'm still un if I
want to be able
toate I think for now I'll play around
with Stu it might be too much I have
everything moving um so I've got one two
three four sections that can be animated
we'll have a wavelength thing coming
along here maybe even with like the
artist name if I don't want to do the
wavelength effect maybe Al and then some
cables here let's let's actually let's
po some cables now and I think that can
be the end of
that uh so I'll snap it to here my
little beer curve
oh my God I forget like how small my
scale is right now this is
wild [__] I need to be a path actually
to so I bring it all the way down I will
go geometry
depth it's tiny cool and let's rotate
you
upwards why can't I oh my God there we
go that's what I want rotate 90
perfect and now I can give it a bit more
depth lovely
and I should be able to
awesome play around with this now and
actually plug them into things now this
is going to look really whack but going
be fun like it's not actually going to
be plugging into anything proper
but we'll have some of them go oh maybe
I should I was like originally have them
like in the reference that I was looking
at earlier from this tutorial
guy cords going into themselves but
that's not really realistic to be fair
so maybe what I do instead is take
this sort of an idea and have like
things coming off the side of the screen
so what I'll do is I'll have some cables
say
here that are
running off my actual yeah that's what
I'll do I'll have them like running over
the side of this
thing perfect and like add a frame so if
I like look from this
angle it's going to look a lot more
realistic got the caes going out
beautiful yeah that's much better okay
I'll a couple of these across and just
play around with my curves a little
bit so we'll go there and
there that sort of works let's just
bring you down
M and I might have to bring that one
down too cool and I might just put in
like three or four of these just to make
it look like there's stuff going on so 1
2 3 four and I'll pop another one on the
top level CU that's like very
symmetrical for now
actually sweet okay and let's just
adjust these curves for a little
bit let's turn off that okay that's
working I'll have this one here snake
around actually that might look decent I
like snake around this little
guy
beautiful there we
go and then it can fall off the edge
into a little pit of snakes and
cables
lovely and
then this one here will have go the
opposite direction so this one can
actually cut in and then can
cut out
there beautiful so I've now got my five
little cables here I might increase the
size of a few of them like this one here
I could increase the dep of
that's chill maybe this a little bit
just out c a
little another the resolution there cool
and that one me over a
smidge
lovely
okay that sort of looks a bit whack
there when it's like way too big doesn't
it okay so now I've got my cables there
I'll have a couple I have like these
little
xrl XR what
definitely not that uh like oh it is
kind of this thing yeah that's what I
was thinking of these cables I don't
know if it's the right term for it but
like some of those
boys I want some of them up here too so
I'll plug two of them into
here lovely and we can actually
potentially just delete these vertices
um just sort of playing around seeing
what looks good seeing what feels good
um that's the whole name of this game
you know it's just
bit of trial and bit bit of trial and
error bit of
experimentation
lovely and I'll send that down the side
and this one needs to be a much cable so
I'll bring it like
this lift it up a bit it's actually
probably be something like this and I
might even taper some of these edges
so I'll taper at the end there so it
starts up really thick and then maybe it
like gets skinny here for some reason
H that looks kind of whack
whatever that looks really weird
um artistic we'll call it
artistic that's fine and this one here
I'll do something similar maybe going
the other
way so like starting off big and then
just coming down to be and
small cool so we've now got
right so I've got my cables running
through there which is nice
um I think now the best step is just
actually start animating these things so
what I'm going to do is I'm going to use
I'm see if those I download earlier I'm
some headphones on we'll see desktop
audio up hopefully I don't get a
copyright YouTube is pretty int with it
because these are may get Triple had
this comp a ago you could remix a lord
song was it green light no it was
homemade Dynamite [__] Banger of a
song and they they released the stems
for free to play to Like Remix them
which was sick um and it was taken all
off like off the tri website but IIT I'm
hoping that this works so let's see
open up resolve and see if I can play
them here so I don't have like a
dedicated program for it
um let's see if resolve will open
up
cool so we'll bring these all into our
media pool and into our oh i s them to
go like one by one
below I'm sure there's a better way of
doing this but it's fine this will work
for us for
now under and these are very short
stems interest I guess it works for our
little tutorial though how long is that
oh wait no is that 3 minutes holy [__]
never mind sorry I thought that was like
a minute 30 but no that's this is the
whole song isn't that
crazy the breakdown of the entire song
of dynamite that's pretty
sick all righty we're almost there
come on how many [__] tracks are
there second to last one coming up
here and last one beautiful so let's see
if this will
play hopefully not getting me a
copyright strike fingers
crossed I can't hear [__] can you hear
[__] I cannot hear a thing okay that's
interesting where is my audio coming out
of General options no no no
playback aren you
[Music]
working let's
see okay so that works then why isn't
this
like I can see that there supposed to be
audio that's coming
through what the [__] is happening all
right let's just try to play it
individually I'm sure it
works let's
see oh oh my God that's
loud okay there's the
audio cool so that's that's her vocals
and then we've
got pads
which don't seem to are there any PS in
this song There
are cool and then base will hopefully be
the big one and like these little drums
the drum beats I can
together oh I'm not sure if you can hear
that that's going to look sick okay and
then I think these like a snare or
something will be the most important on
for us like clicks
okay cool sorry about the uh headphone
warning there that's fine let's see if
this is going to work now hey okay
so I think what I got to do first is
combine some of these
together
so uh this obviously isn't working right
now I just delete all that uh let maybe
create a new untitle
project so new project don't save this
one great cool and I'll bring in all
these files once more and I think I'll
just want of this time bring in my Bas
Toms kicks and
pads which also doesn't want to play but
that's
fine um because I just want to export
these oh I can kind of hear something
I can't hear [__] that's fine all right
so this is going to be my drums my drums
line so I will go base pads Toms kits I
will put into a new
folder a bin cool so be called
drums and I should actually just test
out what each of these are so if there's
anything that I need like combo together
we can do so so that's vocals that's
fine there's background
vocals background vocals we should combo
together too okay let's exp these now so
I'm going to call this
here uh drum
Lord and we'll put it into our folder
here which is in Lord
stems all
righty thank
you and I just want to export the audio
as an MP3
file uh okay why W let me add it to the
r render one track Channel render audio
tracks
I I don't know what that means
oh there's no video clip is that why it
doesn't want me to export it okay I'll
just put in a
[__] like blank color screen
generator sweet does that make you feel
happier beautiful add that Rend call it
drums render it
bang hopefully that comes out quickly
nice and then let's test the next one
which is going to be backr vocals will
go together since
we
cans [__] perion should
hereo yeah
sorry whoopsie add to render que replace
render and I wonder if blender can
actually read that as the audio as file
uh if I go Channel
sorry I set myself a frame go Channel
sounds to
samples and then file here okay so I can
use an np4 file that's good sweet so
there's my
perfect next one to do is going to
be excuse me uh since so I've got synth
precaution
snare don't tell me I miss another one
oh my Lord I [__] missed another
file so there percussion I want the
snare in there as
well I should have just gone through so
we got this is drums time lch then we're
going to go Synn syn
pads together so that can be new
bin called
pads and
synth
beautiful then we'll go back on
vocals oh my God claps should also go in
shouldn't it [__] Christ okay this is
called
claps and in Drums we'll put in claps as
well
really should have actually looked at
this properly I started we got keys
loops and vocals sweet so let's export
this one last time replace render send
that off this is
ridiculous and I should actually just
test this is working so we've got this
here 5 seconds remaining grab some
water all righty
let's give it a
listen No I don't want to UPC player
thank you very much let's go timeline
two this is supposedly drums why is my
drum
so okay there's something happening in
my drums playlist there which I don't
like is it Bas it's Bas no it's not Bas
so first of all Bas shouldn't be in
there uh it's this pad Toms kicks
precussion snare claps so let's get rid
of all you guys just bring in these ones
Toms
kicks
snare and Stems
perfect okay
so here are our drums Lord thank you
very much we'll go replace perfect
timeline two I would like to put in
my uh pads my new pads there perfect
which I can go into here and just grab 2
sweet and bring in that file this is
pads and syns
cool so PS and since we'll go to our R
there beautiful and then I want to go a
baseline one which can be this stem
beautiful which we actually already got
so we don't need to create one for that
that's fine I'll go keys and
Loops
sweet
render keys and loops and I'll make sure
to put in a generator for the card there
beautiful and then we end on our vocals
here which is
fine do I have my back vocal
still that's background vocals there
let's put in a background vocals one too
sweet
beautiful and
render BJ
veral and add
that add to
perfect let's now render all of these
sweet send them off and we can bring
start bringing them into blender so
first things first is I would like to
set say one of these to be my drum
pieces so we will set a key there I'll
go Channel sound samples check out how
these are
going so drums Lord is completed which
means I can go into my Lord stems and go
to Drums Lord sweet and we can see here
if I extend my timeline to
2500 it's gone it's completely gone
which is good that's fine that's what we
expected have so I would like to turn
off actually delete these and delete
these and we just want to keep
the X location so what does that mean
wait what I want to do actually instead
is just go back a few steps to I
imported that
all if I just set a key frame purely on
my
Y axis then I hope that it should just
work as such so we drums Lord sweet and
it doesn't add any extra key frames
beautiful look at that okay here we go
here's the actual working process now
let's
see it's not
moving sorry it's like not moving at
all okay why are you not moving buddy
that's find where you live
let's
see is it not moving enough is that way
what if I turn off my limit
location so now it moves but it's just
gone up there for some reason sweet
that's not too much of a problem so if I
can here's what I want to do I want to
limit this location so I think currently
it's sitting super high up so if I put
in an envelope and
go minimum point
Z maximum point
0.0475 and then add a control
Point can we sort of scale this guy down
a bit this bad Bo down a little bit
maybe maybe not let's see what it's
living it's currently living at
6 that's far too
high uh
let's bring the minimum down quite a bit
let's bring the
maximum down two we'll normalize that
again okay and now it's sitting at there
which is still too high but that's fine
for now
04 and
zero so we can see now it bounces
occasionally which is nice but it's
still a little bit too much so I want to
figure out what's happening
here I don't want to restrict new frame
ranges I want to make my control Point
minimum even
smaller
0.5
0.5 so let's say this one
now let's say this
here okay that's such a quick like that
happen so insanely fast there
wow um what if
I let's normalize that once more
sweet okay sweet there we go that's
lovely that looks [__] but
better and if I change this minimum here
to
0.2
three sweet that should move a lot more
now okay that's a little bit better and
now what I just want to do is I want to
smooth this out so we can see here it's
doing its bouncing thing and so what I'm
going to do is I'm hit save I'm going to
actually duplicate this one here find my
dup and hide
it cool grab this one and I'm going to
bake these keys to Curves so bake that
action let's bake it out sure for that
much and then what I can do is I can go
smooth
it hopefully way smother than
that let's see so
now it's moving a little bit more
responsibly and I can potentially even
like scale it downwards a little
bit okay I guess I can't scale it
downwards that's fine
so we've got number one here working
fine I'm going to have it sit around
this
frame maybe frame like y
FR 300 to
500 so we can see here it starts to move
a little bit not a crazy amount though I
want it to be moving a lot more than
that whatever that's fine for now Okay
so we've got our drums Loop in there
next one is to get our let's go back to
frame
one I would like to bring in
my pads for example so we'll
go set the
key go Channel and sounds and samples
and I'd like to bring in wait why
is fin rendering oh I didn't hit render
all whoops sorry sweet let's render
those right
now uh background vocals we put in so
let's have a look at this so you can see
here it doesn't actually start until
here like this Frame but you can also
say it just goes hey while so if I go to
frame
4,000 does this stop working at 2500
does
okay yeah it's at
2500 so we probably end it around
there which is
fine and now I can pop in my
envelope at a control
point
and okay so now we're going to make this
min max value again so let's see what it
looks like
it's like way below the minimum value
now which is okay uh let's go escape
from there 0 to
0.4 let's normalize
it and see what that looks
like now it's not moving at all so I
would like it
to say beus
0.04 so to move a little bit
right no way near enough okay
there we go that's what we're
after perfect so there are our
pads that's all right and let's just do
the same for this one here so first
frame and we'll go why on that work keep
locking instead of setting a key frame
that's fine sound samples uh we'll call
this one PS and it's fine if we also do
a little bit double up with these like
I'm happy to D them a bit popping
envelope and add the control point and
we'll go 0.04 to 0us
0.04 awesome can I make it a little bit
larger or
no just sitting up there that's
fine this is sort of the the area that I
wanted to happen out there around frame
so that's kind of cool all right let's
set our final key if I go back to here I
don't want all the keys played so I'll
get rid of all those just set my one key
frame on this guy go B to sound to
samples beautiful we keys and loops and
it should do the same thing we just go
envelope add control pointus 0.04 to
0.04 and perfect if I go around
here so it doesn't actually do anything
around frame 100 there for me that's
fine
what I can do is I can just like bake
this ke these uh like bake those
channels whatever what was that that's a
Met Ball isn't it yeah let's get rid of
that so if I go down to here again I can
bake this
action Shor 2500 frames that's chill
sweet and then I can move it
to here so it actually does a bit of
something something and beautiful look
at that
got visual moving along so the next to
do is to play around these guys so we're
going to have this one here rotating a
little bit so I just want to be on the
rotation perfect hold on it there sorry
rotation and we'll go sound to samples
I'll pick any one of these
say background vocals whatever doesn't
actually fully matter because it's just
more about visual at this point is
0.04 0.04 actually I wonder if this will
work as as sort of expected and such no
okay let's
go-1 to 1 and see how that
works that's like way too quick but
that's okay so I will what I'll do is
I'll add the same thing for my light
here so we can see that the light is
sitting up there which means I wanted to
start down here with
my uh dial to start with we'll set our
key frame for the Z axis go Channel
I can take off for now what did I choose
I chose
backg and put an envelope Sor iope for
this one I will copy and paste onto
this perfect and so it should they
should move at the same rate they're
not that's okay I can just grab this and
rotate supposed to to rotate it as such
it's actually not letting me right now
which is
interesting uh what if I just set the
origin to the center of Mass to that
geometry orig geometry and rotate that
like so oh no that's definitely not
it okay I might just have to move this
guy
around so if I move this one to say
here will that work better sweet it will
it does lovely now what I can just do is
I can bake both these curves so I'll
bake this curve bake this curve we'll go
to here bake
actions beautiful and then we'll smooth
them out
nicely and I think I might also just
bring them down quite a lot
too
awesome unless I want to like make them
crazy let's say that if I made it crazy
like this see
what it's sick [__] this thing I don't
want
that oh no it's like moving weirdly
now let's go back a few
steps [__] the center of mass is
wrong okay so that's fine and now if I B
these two options again
cool and then move this
one to say there
again awesome and I'm just going to grab
these Keys once more so one two
and let's just scale them out that's
what I was after
sorry so I want it to be nice and
dramatic but I would like it to be yeah
something like
that perfect so it's moving all the way
around maybe not so much but you get the
image
beautiful and I can sort of bake all of
those and do the same kind of thing with
that too and then these guys have to
have the same treatment so they're going
to be going up and down in in y
axis so let's go here
cool and we go Channel sound to samples
drums okay envelope add control pointus
0.04
0.04 let's see how much it moves
now perfect so that works
there and I'll just do the same with
this one
set a
key actually why I to start them all in
the same position and do that so if I
set a key here and set it for
the P
since envelope it add control Point 0.04
0.04 that was sort of a nice easy
starting
point
lovely I'll do the same with this one
we're getting there really really
getting there which is nice so we
envelope control pointus 0.04 0.04 I
actually postu it's 4:30 holy [__] maybe
I can't it's fine
fine uh oh dear I have to bring in my
channel sounds and samples C and
Loops sweet and there's two more here to
go this one here which is going to be
s samples base
stem envelope add control Point 0.04
0.04 beautiful and lucky last one here
we'll
go set that because actually to be fair
these guys up here should be moving
their dials for later so that's sure
we'll go
Channel sound samples I'm as a total
excuse this and we'll go vo awesome
envelope
oh why don't paste it 0.04
0.04 cool so now we've got our vocals we
got all our tracks happening nicely
sweet and if I go to my frame say 950
to what's like 950 plus say I want it to
be like a 5c a 6C animation
seriously 24 *
6 is that plus
950 yeah
cool that's much more like it swe we go
95 let's just have
12200 lovely okay so now go animation
happening
that looks a bit better these ones aren
moving but sort of
okay
awesome and now it's just a text it's
sort of a Tex period now I should figure
out how to put the wavelength there but
I won't right now I just want to get
this material in so I'm going to go to
my sketch thing my blender thing here
sorry I'm going to go for like a hard
plastic look I know I've found this a
couple times it's right so grab
something like
maybe like this or this one let's try
this one here first let's
see maybe maybe I want like a metallic
VI oh also got to add the uh the
BS interesting okay wait so we've got
this for now let's say it so that's not
ideal but whatever I want to actually
grab the uh I want to play my materials
now
so Sor my edges I don't love these
creases that there are on this new
version blender you can't actually see
what's being selected uh let's see how
to how to remove blender blue
creases turn off sharp and Andel in the
mode of
overlays turn
off in the mesh section of the
overlays one of those
definitely want that definitely want
that um oh meshad here sorry turn off
sharp and turn off sweet that's perfect
that's so much better oh my God that was
ugly before so let's grab this and this
and this and
this and this and
this this and this I know there's
definitely a better way to do it but
it's fine way doing it for now let's
grab all our important faces and sides
that we want to of shape nicely sweet
and I will not this one yeah B more
slightly please don't Breck my
computer
nice and let's make sure there's a nice
bit of detail there
awesome sweet lovely and beautiful okay
here's our plate and then I just want to
grab these two curves here and make them
nice and B too so we'll make this guy
nice and curved perfect oh
maybe it's just the Shadows making bit
strange but yeah turn off cavity aect
we'll this one
too okie dokie now lovely there's our
sort of shape that we've got going on
I'm going to do the same for this one
here
too hold on let's just go one two three
four five
six and
bevet one two three
and B
it okay or don't let's just do our
little cheeky uh mer
distance we want do a limited disolve
that's not necessary yet but I just want
to B these faces here to get a cur
on strange they don't want to Bevel this
is really weird what if I just bevel
them individually does that work no okay
[__] it that's weird but it's not it's
not the end of the world to be fair we
can just make that side metallic perfect
and this thing here I would like to B
bit as well so I just go select save
these curve them down a little bit
lovely
and oh [__] it's my B correctly God damn
it I've done something wrong
here cool let's see if that one works no
it's not going down correctly again oh
it sort of is there a little bit okay
that's fine I
guess actually I have like a nice funky
curve there and let's grab this
face do the same there what shape curve
do I want
here sort of like that like bit like
some crown molding perfect and then
lucky last is our base up
here oh dear okay I'm going grab these
guys
yeah
okay let's unselect deselect those and
just bevel that
perfect and then also add in these two
faces sweet shade smooth perfect okay so
that's kind of what I'm after lovely we
got our nice little faces that is all
[__] there I hidden
sweet all right lovely job pleas so
we've got our general shape of the the
idea here I want to put a wi frame there
that for now let's see our materials so
I would like to add in some metallic now
so first things first I think is make
thisit here metallic so the texturing
part is obvious be the long section of
this but hopefully we can blast through
it with a nice bit of help from our
blender kit so I'll grab all these faces
and lovely let's go new material let's
go to
our blender kit which has now
disappeared here
metallic and I'll put
on something not too scratch this little
brush metal lovely beautiful and that
should come in nicely
sweet uh weird that it didn't apply onto
here as
well oh I didn't [__] select the
apply that's why so 1 2 3 4 and then one
two 3 4 assign and we'll give it the
metal one
beautiful okay so there's
that so that's going to work fine there
I want this one here to be like a bright
orange
plastic so we a big bright orange knob
there perfect something like that I know
that duy was also orange but it's just
such a nice color you know and I'll also
be able to play around that a lot there
let's grab our
shading tools let's grab sorry put a
mapping onto that find where it lives
and let's go sweet say five
10 no okay let's unwrap
it yeah waet that'll
do beautiful and I'll give this like a
metallic texture as well so give that
the
metal
lovely and that can do it thing and then
these ones here I think I have them of
be
plastic um but not the same plastic as
i' like those to be like a white
plastic like so like that might work or
like a dirty white plastic be good to oh
a scratch one could be perect okay so
let's go scratch there and I would like
to just apply the same material for all
three of
these L materials beautiful and I'll
make one of them like a green plastic
too
CU I'm not doing actual text like
texturing on these so wa we'll have a
gra plastic and maybe a red one
to or like no we go like a light blue or
purple not fabric thank
you oh they're like [__] Fabrics no
thank
you what about
yellow cool that'll do oh that'll do
better like a FL
FL pink could be okay translution
definitely not it cheap plastic we have
to do
sweet am i e or right now
seriously do I have a sun lamp in there
at the moment look at all those unnamed
files so let's go light Sun sweet and
I'll Chuck the light strength up 10 so
we can have it nice and strong maybe 50
it 10
lovely to play around these Shadows
quite a
bit because it's looking kind of whack
at the
moment I'm going to grab these and give
them some different colors so say this
one here can
be a
blue awesome and then this one here
could be a red lovely so I give just a
few different colors them sweet
okay let's actually see what it looks
like in in an example here if I go
to what's the thing
called uh mixing
table
music it's not going to have it here is
it like some green ones as well I guess
and let's sort of just drop that down a
bit beautiful and I'll go one two can be
the same
material materials and this one here can
be the same as this third material
here [__] yeah let's go beautiful so
we've got
our different lights there lights
looking sweet beautiful got our little
knobs these knobs are going have to be
colored to these to be colored to and
those be text
too all righty sweet lovely let's uh
just try and change some of these
materials around a bit now
beautiful
okay let's just have a little test
render now if I go I don't have camera
place a camera on the
scene I'd have to add some extra detail
as around the outside
but cool let's turn off the background
by going view display pass through
off and and rotate you
down in local
view lovely sweet so that's what it's
going to look like let's set the render
view port to 43 which is going to be
4,000 by
3,000 sorry way
around there more Instagram
Vibes lovely so here's
our sort of turntable thing
I'm also going to turn some stuff on the
outsides so we'll get rid of that for
now that's moving that's
moving there's a really har light coming
in there let's use a Goo now as well so
goo is just going to give us a bit more
like it's essentially kind of like
adding
some as if like like a window having
like some fake Shadows com through so
let's bring in
AE goo blender or I can just actually
build a window one I that'll be
easier so let's go here I'll subdivide a
couple times I'll grab all of these by
individual Origins and insert them hold
on 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 insert them 1 2 3 4 5
six sorry 5 six 7
S8 and insert those and let's grab all
of them and we'll just delete those
faces
beautiful and where's our sun lamp
living at the
moment so I think it's like over here
somewhere
right not quite there's a
let's see what this looks
like please go work in
action do I need to be smaller I can't
tell let's bring a seconds of the
here perfect and I can go to here and
have this like that okay so now we can
actually do this properly so I want it
to be out of frame for starters behind
the
camera but impacting
my [__] yeah sweet okay lovely so that
kind of works but I think what would be
even better would be if I could add a
tree in and use that as a so I'm going
to go to sapling
treen and I would like to go to my
curves I think it lives in there sweet
CES sapling
Tren that's a head
sweet lovely I'm pop that there too so
got this little tree in the wind
there
awesome so now we've got our little
interesting bit of detail there I'm
going to put a table
behind just so we can sit down
nicely
beautiful get some even more important
Shadows on there
now this window now is sort of looking a
bit strange if I just grab that
one that's be called window can I hide
it
cool and I'm going to give this little
noise texture to and the reason I'm
giving a little noise here is just so I
can Sway in the wind slightly but I'm to
drop the strength all the way
down and bring the scale all the way
down hold on let's just turn off these
delete those delete scales sweet so at
the moment it's just doing this thing
yikes and let's just go here
beautiful bring the scale all the way
down 0.1 strength all the way down to
0.1 scale it out so like 200 maybe like
100 I'll copy that and just paste it
along these two delete
paste delete
past cool so that's going to now move in
the wind a little
bit we can just move all the
way cool so there's our little shadow
across there which is nice beautiful got
our cords up there I might want to just
go in a little B SM so I don't see those
cords at the
back cool and then I will
also might add a magazine down there or
something or like oh you know what I'll
add like a
guitar yeah okay that could work so
let's go free first
beautiful is that the Yellow Submarine
guitar that is that's so cool that's so
[__] cool wow right let's grab our
guitar and put it in
place not face
Builder ianz Weston guitar
beautiful so let's lay that down here
maybe scale it down a little bit
too
beautiful it's going to sit lovely right
there just like that like
so make it a bit
bigger awesome so we've got our
guitar we got our
visualizer doing it thing might need to
come over to a little
more cool
bit more visual information down the
bottom screen there but I want to try
focus on
this let's grab my camera and around up
here scale it down a
bunch this is why having nice camera
should have come in a bit more but
whatever it's fine
God it's like rotated so
weirdly let's
see what if I go like for a not as crazy
land like a 35 or something there that
should work a little better right
sweet got my friend is just [__]
annoying me
now
cool all righty let's bring that guitar
up top maybe so say go up
there that's where the guitar can live
awesome what's that underneath
it what's this thing let's
say that's super interesting look at
that strange okay so let's go back to it
uh guitar can live there
that's
fine and what else do I want to put into
my shot maybe like a coffee or
something
cool let's just pop it off to the side
as well so I don't need to have like
super the shop where are you come on
copy please come through we're just
trying to pop a little bit get a more
extra fun detail information sweet
lovely here's our coffee cup and glass
holy how big is it
see nice is that a smoke on toply [__]
that's going to kill my SC if anything
sweet whatever it's fine let's make it
nice and sorry it was nice and small
let's make it nice and big and awesome
we'll place it just there and push it
back in space a little
bit sweet
okay so there's that and I'm think we
might to make a table underneath right
uh so if I just go for like a a wooden
table
texture perfect like this maybe see if
that
works that's actually not bad I might
increase this a little bit so it's not
as competitive
other way around I guess but let's just
see what that looks like actually so
it's sort of not terrible but if I go
the other
way yeah I think this is going to be the
best
bet 0.5 cool and I give a little
rotation so it's not like perfectly even
cool so now we've got that we've got our
coffee cup we've got our little mix
table we've got our everything's moving
along which is
nice come out a little bit to
there our tree swinging in the wind it's
beautiful we might need to bring our
coffee cup somewhere else that's
fine what if I just brought it down to
bottom
here can I actually delete the coffee on
the inside of I don't super love the
Cofe inside
there what's happening
here hold on sorry FR coming
through hey what's going on
oh better we're back so this is how look
I don't these little dials here I kind
that um it's interesting because like
the texing stage is [__] part of this
now let's give this let's make a little
biter
maybe a little
metallic it's like super hard to tell
like all this Whitey me right
now let's see what if I just do like a
test turn all let's see what I don't
want
on that's all good that's all good
that's all good I'll hit a little r
there let's see how it comes
out hopefully not terribly
we'll see oh my God there's my computer
going HeyWire absolutely [__] crazy I
don't even know this going to work on
stream oh why is it so many
s i
4000 oh yeah it's all good
[__] I thought that crashed for a second
sorry uh all righty let's see let's see
this so I my Bas plate up a little bit
lovely and let's drop this all the way
down to six sweet no as Optics and let's
see this Rend it there it's really
bright here in the corner which I'm not
Ling uh it'll stop being patchy when
it's done no
yeah supposed to be somewhere at six as
well so
this might be a render that's cut short
but it's all right I might just like a
clay version of this Rend first God my
computer's not loving this at all though
yikes I will say I don't know what you
me I sometimes forget that I'm live the
other day I like was yapping for like
four hours had a phone call and then
just like forgot that I was live and
like looked back up half an hour later
like oh [__] that's not ideal looking
yeah no this like would I think
theity hopefully should
look wow all righty this does not like
me right
now yeah okay I'll let that happen but I
think I'm now and get to off I'm to go
shower and drive for 45 minutes in a sec
yeah happen Okay okay let good
tonight yeah yeah it's all good I tried
yeah
I tried the ttch and YouTube maming for
a bit but I'm just trying to keep on
YouTube for now watch hours
Reas counts for watch hours with my
actual Channel and try and get that mzed
you know I don't know we'll see maybe
later in the future I'll go both
but for now I'm just trying to keep it
all in the one
location yeah look there's definitely a
lot that needs to be done this texture
here is not looking great the whites
aren't looking super perfect but it's
definitely it's it's exciting
where I am from where I came it's
interesting
um forever yeah okay that's yeah I guess
I'm not doing like too much you
know yeah YouTube like tutorials like
slow kind of cont I feel twitch is much
more like you know sometimes crack I
don't know if cracked out energy is a
right word but you know some more wild
and crazy fun times you know all right
let's say this so I'm going to go to m
cap let's set it to this color here
so I just want to see
these
blow
so it's kind of hard to tell what's
going on but it's
okay if I turn on rendered view or this
whatever material view that coffee cup
is I think I that's it is there's
something in here
here yeah now there's Stu in there
that's run let's delete that fire Roy
that's how much
better all righty so now if I
can go back to this View and I'll turn
on some let's Jesus that's kind of funky
I'll be
honest we don't want to be flat let's go
shatter
cavity and
texture could
work I just want to have like a work in
progress kind of thing you
know Jud maybe one of
these God that's an
EI like I wish it was like an actual
like play
color let's see how this looks
there's like some weird glitching going
down there but that's okay okay so I
think I'm going to send this out uh for
a little viewport render so I'm going
use my my Rend to here I
made let's see edit no no view
no okay that's fine let's
go back to here set our output location
[Music]
to audio visualizers and let's call it
Viewpoint render
all righty and now I will just pump out
a view render from here so
View and view render
animation oh my God what is
that in
interesting anyway let's see that R come
out now uh I'm going to put together
like a
little what's the ter kind of like a
scratchbook like a little
uh not portfolio
uh [__] what am I thinking
of like a scrapbook kind of thing but
with videos guess is what I'm going to
do now so just get a sort of VI what
I've got going on here so let's go here
and let's go bang what's th frames into
if this is 24 frames a second it is
so 24 frames a second is sitting at 41
seconds that means this song that I took
was sitting from here cool and then if I
delete let's go to a new
project cool
and bring in the
song actually I don't really need to
bring the song yeah that's
fine oh maybe it will whatever let's go
Lord stems sweet bring these
in whatever and we'll do the same as we
just did before which is just making
them all down on a another
level so we'll grab all of this
oh my Lord no intended
there why is
it God this is difficult all right down
we pop get some better shortcuts in
here I could actually just pop them like
this and then just go like Pace by Pace
let's say so grab those and then I'll
just grab all five of these and pop them
down cool let's do the same for the next
bit
get R of that get rid of that
perfect so we can drag all of these ones
Down and Under now with these two
too
sweet let's grab all of you guys and pop
you into there and lucky last one this
stem will
go
into that
beautiful so now all I've to do is bring
in my video clip which should
live somewhere
nearby in here stream assets audio
visualizers and view render let drag
that in sweet and then if I I go to like
seconds it sits around here
cool so that's where it's going to live
and and then I'm just going to grab a
couple more references just to show the
vibe of what we've got going on here
cool uh what I want to be making so I'm
trying to get like a little like I'm
trying to send across like a demo of
what I can make so let's see if I can
find my doy
video let's
say snipping SW
come on
buddy there's his lovely light
Goos all right let's go a video recorder
because this was originally what I
thought I'd be making today but we
decided
against three two one
so there's that that was a Skrillex
thing down that's kind of cool and then
where are the other ones I just got
here awesome let's hit stop on that and
save it into the same area where we just
were which was portfolio stream
assets and audio visualizers
beautiful pause on that
where my resolve on cool
and I'm going to hit a quick export on
this and then send this across and we'll
be
done let's pop this
up so there
that
and that and
that lovely
all righty so I'm going to kill all of
these now so let's just go a
quick splitting of these clips
here one sorry
1 2 3 four five
six delete all that and delete all of
those beautiful and then hopefully the
videos have stayed up top there too less
fre can
go make sure there's audio and all that
track
there perfect so I'm going to send this
little render out now and then I'm going
to see it sounds like and if I'm happy
with it I will send this off to the mate
and we'll go from
there cool okay so let's say uh demo of
work send it into our portfolio stream
assets and audio
visualizers cool save
let's give this
listen all righty turn on file location
and let's have a look demo of work where
are
you
oh that sounds [__] terrible that
those clips were not lined up at all
yikes let's
see did my clip even get across there I
don't think it isn't there oh [__] okay
wow where's my
uh
interesting my little render didn't pop
in pop in here which is strange
all right oh well um let's put just the
original F in
there cool so there's that and
there's cool all righty I'm I'm going to
take a video of this it be easier sorry
about the uh lack of chat at the end
here just do a little
recording actually I should do that
sound oh dear I didn't even see the
endings there
whoops wait why why are they so like
zoomed
out so that's fine
let's go back here cut that guy's
face
lovely awesome that's what I want okay
strange cool okie dokie now on that less
of exciting note time here I think I'm
going have to a ungraceful exit for
tonight unfortunately just hours as well
so I'm to head off um tomorrow I will be
live tomorrow is Wednesday right yeah
tomorrow the plan is that I want to try
and go live for a long one so I'm going
to try and go for like a 5 hour five and
a half hour stream but see how it goes
but I want to try and do things try bit
of blender try a bit of gaming um you
know try those like Brain Games been
doing but also potentially do a cooking
as well the portable set up check set to
so if you are still here thank you for
watching cheers jump along man as well
great to hear from you again um yeah I'm
going have to cut it short and
unceremoniously short here uh the ending
and I will see you all tomorrow for
hopefully fingers crossed a longer more
successful well yeah more well planned
out stream than just this [__] around
in blender and we'll actually have
something well I won't promise that but
I'm going to try and have something
finished for the next stream instead of
this like in between interim stuff so
thanks thanks watching